LITERATURE REVIEW

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Literature Review] (80 - 100%) An excellent literature review is presented, with insightful identification and thorough explanation of relevant work. Very useful connections to design are made.

I have awarded a mark of 80%

LITERATURE REVIEW COMMENTS

Your literature is appropriate for an interaction design process, and you have provided a good analysis of the gaps in the literature, highlighting important principles that could inform your JTBD. Perhaps you could have read a little bit more widely, beyond the papers "to get you started" that we provided? (in addition to Martin et al., that is).

THEMATIC ANALYSIS

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Thematic Analysis] (80 - 100%) An excellent thematic analysis is presented, with insightful identification and thorough explanation of themes. Virtually all themes are useful and explain important patterns.

I have awarded a mark of 92%

THEMATIC ANALYSIS COMMENTS

Well described and appropriate themes, that provide useful insights to support the design process. I really liked seeing evidence of your process in creating this thematic analysis (e.g., your screenshots on the coding and themes). You have a good use of quotes to illustrate the themes; and I can see why quotes are linked to the themes you've constructed, however, as you will have seen in the literature, it's best practice to attribute each quote to a participant, e.g., "I didn’t like having to tell my partners" (P7) 

JOB TO BE DONE

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Job to be done] (80 - 100%) An excellent problem statement is presented, with precise articulation and compelling justification. It is very well linked to the thematic analysis.

I have awarded a mark of 85%

JOB TO BE DONE COMMENTS

The JTBD is clearly linked to themes from the interviews. It would have benefited from adding some of the principles you identified in the literature (e.g., brevity, interactivity, accessibility), as well as identifying a set of interactions that the tool should support.

TEAMWORK

It looks like you are working very well as a team. Keep doing so!

TECHNIQUES AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT

Excellent section.  You were thoughtful and very specific about the use of tools and techniques (out of interest, did you have the Quadro plugin in Obsidian? Or were your tags manuals? How did you make them visible to others so that they could be reused?). It seems like you have applied many of the techniques learnt in the workshops and the lectures to your work. Keep doing so. 

ISSUES TO ADDRESS FOR THE NEXT DELIVERABLE

Revisit the Job to be Done to include some of the insights from your literature review, and thus, make it a more concrete statement of the task(s) that your tool will need to support. Consider including a set of interactions (especially given the emphasis on routine management that you make on page 5)
