PERSONAS & SCENARIOS

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Personas & Scenarios] (80 - 100%) Excellent personas and scenarios are presented, with rich detail and high relevance to the design process or challenge. They thoroughly reflect user needs and goals.

I have awarded a mark of 80%

PERSONAS & SCENARIOS COMMENTS

Very good formatting, in a very visual and straightforward manner. This will help you go back to your personas and quickly assess whether you're still meeting the needs as you progress in your design and development. I think the content in your five personas will be useful for design; it captures a range of characteristics that will help you to empathise and design for a variety of people, thanks to its rich detail (attitudes, behaviours, motivations, frustrations).
Scenarios are strongly linked to JTBD and thematic analysis (privacy, inclusivity, autonomy).
One of the personas (i.e., Gertrude) does not interact directly with the system, which may reduce design relevance.

DESIGN IDEAS

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Design Ideas] (60 - 70%) Satisfactory design ideas are presented, with some creativity and clarity. They generally address the problem statement. Some ideas are not conceptually distinct.

I have awarded a mark of 69%

DESIGN IDEAS COMMENTS

Different interfaces are not really the same as different design concepts. You have presented three ideas that are different technologies  (mobile app, kiosk and tablet) but they all tackle fundamentally different challenges rather than different ways of tackling the same problem.  
Your prototypes look very different from one another in terms of presentation and level of detail, which indicates you have been working independently, and resulting in an unequal presentation. It's important that every team member contributes to all parts of the work. On the plus side, these are all accompanied by clear sketches and detailed feature descriptions.

DESCRIPTION & JUSTIFICATION

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Description & Justification] (80 - 100%) Excellent descriptions and justifications are presented, with rich detail and high relevance. They thoroughly explain how the ideas address the problem statement.

I have awarded a mark of 85%

DESCRIPTION & JUSTIFICATION COMMENTS

Explicit links to scenarios and JTBD.
Justification includes accessibility, privacy, and inclusivity considerations.
Rich detail and strong relevance.

TEAMWORK

It looks like you are working well as a team. Collaborative ideation using Canva Whiteboard and affinity mapping.
Fair task allocation using “spin-the-wheel” method. However, there is scope for seeking additional opportunities to synthesise your work and share your thoughts to avoid coming across as if you just divided work up and then pasted the results back together. 

TECHNIQUES AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT

Applied Double Diamond and Agile principles (e.g., sustainable development, simplicity, self-organisation).
Used iterative reflection and sprint reviews. It seems like you have applied some of the techniques learnt in the workshops and the lectures to your work. Keep doing so.

ISSUES TO ADDRESS FOR THE NEXT DELIVERABLE

Explore feasibility of your solutions early.
Maintain strong focus on inclusivity and discretion in prototypes. Finally, pay attention and work on the formatting of your report. It should be consistent, as well as readable and professional. 