USER STORIES

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[User Stories] (50 - 60%) Basic user stories are presented, but they lack detail or clarity. They may not clearly reflect key functionality or be prioritised.

I have awarded a mark of 55%

USER STORIES COMMENTS

Most of your user stories capture non-functional requirements - like accessibility, or usability. Those are important factors, but not well captured as stories. Stories themselves need to be "small" by the time of implementation, and it won't be possible to turn those non-functional requirements into small stories. Think of those non-functional requirements as cross-cutting issues that need to be addressed during EVERY story. The functional requirements for your tool are still very vague - it's not really clear from these stories what it is supposed to do!

User stories should really be arranged by role, not by persona. So typically they take the form of "As a service user" or "As a clinician" - rather than "As [description]". Though of course your personas will help you to explore the breadth within those roles. 

You have used the 3Cs format fairly well.

LO-FI PROTOTYPE

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Lo-Fi Prototype] (50 - 60%) A basic prototype is presented, but it lacks detail or clarity. It may not clearly reflect the design concept, or have aspects that are an inappropriate fidelity.

I have awarded a mark of 55%

LO-FI PROTOTYPE COMMENTS

Because of your very wide JTBD, and the number of very coarse user stories you have, your prototype has had to cover quite a lot of functionality and consequently feels like it's lacking a lot of important detail. 

Your prototypes are very inconsistent - clearly prepared by different people without even a common layout or navigation approach?

I like the calculator concept. It needs more explanation and scaffolding, and perhaps a way to remind the user subtly what they have to do; but the concept is worth exploring. More rounds of lo-fi prototyping would be very useful in working out the practicalities of this feature before building it.

The Homepage needs some more thought - there are virtually no apps that open with just a series of buttons on the homepage; consider how other apps take users straight to a common use case - often an overview of some kind. 

The event feed has mixed in very routine medication reminders with appointments - I think there is a risk that medication reminders cause appointments to be overlooked; especially when sufficient information is added to each event to make them useful!

EVALUATION PLAN

I have judged that the most appropriate descriptions from the mark scheme for your work are:

[Evaluation Plan] (60 - 70%) A satisfactory evaluation plan is presented, with some detail. It describes a generally sound user-centred evaluation.

I have awarded a mark of 63%

EVALUATION PLAN COMMENTS

I think that broadly your plan is sound. Your observations are likely to be similar across all tasks - why is visible frustration only important in task 5?

Use of observations, think aloud and SUS is appropriate. 

You will not have sufficient data to use a Pearson correlation, and it probably isn't warranted at this stage of the design, but the intent is not wrong per se. Linking back to user characteristics makes more sense at scale - probably with indirect observation methods that can be applied fairly automatically across a large sample of real app users.

TEAMWORK

You seem to be working fairly well. I think your work reflects a need to make more foundational decisions together and then build up a shared understanding and set of resources. The prototypes, for example, could have been made much more consistent by working on a shared screen layout (or even a basic figma mockup) together, rather than each starting from scratch.

For the technical sprints, plan your work so that you can build on top of one another's efforts in a consistent way. Make time to sync up and check you are taking similar approaches.

TECHNIQUES AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT

It seems like you have applied some of the techniques learnt in the workshops and the lectures to your work. Keep doing so. 

ISSUES TO ADDRESS FOR THE NEXT DELIVERABLE

I am worried that your user stories and hence the scope for the app is too broad, and you will not be able to implement it all to a high-enough standard. Pick one or two key features and focus on implementing them well, rather than trying to do everything. A booking, medication reminder, or forum app could EACH be more than an SDDP project!
